all that sweet oh we're gonna be in
Brooklyn all next week with five shows
from the Brooklyn Academy of Music and
you know before we take our show
anywhere we always send an advance scout
in this case we sent our goodwill
ambassador my cousin Sal to make contact
with the locals and just kind of check
things out so we packed Sal and his
hidden cameras in a crate and ship them
to Nathan's and Coney Island where I
inevitably nonsense ensued dancer
Nathan's hot dog fast on the boardwalk
who's hungry you could but on a cold
rainy day like this I'm gonna do
something better give that hot dog to
all right here we go hot dog soup for
you hot - there you go you're gonna want
it what's the bottom go ahead taste it
I'll tell you no no no you think we
would do that yeah take a simmer
it's good right yeah it's very greasy
it's like the greasy oily those are the
hot dogs that I can't sell regularly
they spoil some people slip on them so
we just make a soup out of it come on
chug it I'll give you a prize if you
chug it
whoever down to the first one are you
ready set go
hot dog soup challenge yeah oh yeah look
at this so exciting way behind beautiful
hold on one second
here you go my grace you really really
get it to keep forever I hereby crown
you queen of the hot dogs
I should be kneeling to your right hey
sorry our mustard dispensers broken so I
gotta do it by hand yeah good you guys
just want to spread up yeah I just want
to get it all and uh get that someone
more all right now I just won all-new
honk oh yeah there you go okay
all right now there you go let's go
right now that's not a joke right this
is a joke I'd say you'd see the movie
about the hot dog
it's an Oscar wiener all right buddy
thank you and again thanks for your
patience all my money back your money
back why did I not put it off buster put
your hands over why not I told you
though I explained that I told you no I
didn't need to say no I'm sorry
I know did he say no oh he did he didn't
say no yes he did I'll see ya I thought
it said mustard I'm sorry I feel bad
about this
so how do we fix this thing my money bad
friends now
I don't think it's funny I want my money
back that's that fly you know exploit
though if I say you know what you call a
hot dog with nothing inside it no we
found a Halloweeny
laughs they like that now and quickly
chew on that's not fair to me though
guys to say it like that I need to tell
it at this broke I didn't want the
mustard man but let me ask you this
though before we get the manager do you
know why the hot dog dropped out of the
movie I don't give cuz the role isn't
very good listen you know what instead
of using new guy I don't think I'm funny
but you know thinks he's funny Jimmy
Kimmel and he's right in that camera
right there
[Applause]
everybody's happy I guess I think you
got this out hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
enjoyed the video hit subscribe and if
you don't click subscribe this invisible
hamster will die